---
title: "new project & more"
date: 2025-11-21
tags: ["blog-post"]
layout: post.liquid
---

hi all! apologies for how long it's been. i've been busy with stuff and then trying to implement an api into this site then not liking the idea later on, so there'll be a lot of updates for this one

<h4>new project!</h4>
due to my growing dissastifaction with the way roblox is going, i've decided to start up my own project inspired off it! nekoblocks is built from the ground up in raw C#/.net with the raylib library being used for some engine features.
stylistically it'll be similar to old roblox around the late 2000s to early 2010s, though i'll have my own take on it.

if you're interested in helping out or would like to learn more, you can join the <a href="https://discord.gg/BKrE7Vt5sN">discord server</a> or help contribute code at the <a href="https://github.com/olifurz/nekoblocks">github repository</a>
(yes - it's open sourced!)

<h4>i'm gay</h4>
after a lot of debating over the last month, i've come to the conclusion that i'm gay as fuck

previously i called myself bisexual but found that i prefer guys massively to girls. i still can look at a girl and go "yeah she's pretty" but i haven't really thought to myself i'd like to go any further - could not say the same about guys

<h4>fursona in the works</h4>
since i'm no longer broke, i can actually buy things now (crazy right) - so i'll be commissioning for a new fursona from the lovely <a href="https://www.instagram.com/chevron_kohisuta/" target="_blank">chevron kohisuta</a>!

i've known him for a while now & have commissioned him in the past, would highly recommend you consider him if you ever want your fursona drawn, he's incredibly skilled & could do with the money!

anyways, in terms of the fursona itself it'll most likely be a deer protogen. i've always have found antlers & the short tails really cute, and protogens are self explanatory. i always find though that protogens tend to look similar at times & it can be hard to tell the difference, so i'll probably have to think of some ways to make mine unique

that's all from me though, cya 

~ oli